Gone with the Wind - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaHideWikipedia is getting a 
new lookHelp us find bugs and complete user interface translations 
      Notice something different? We've made a few improvements to Wikipedia. 
      Learn more. [Hide] 
      [Help us with translations!] 
Gone with the Wind
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaJump to: navigation, search 
This article is about the novel. For the film, see Gone with the Wind (film). 
For other uses, see Gone with the Wind (disambiguation).
      Gone With the Wind  
 
      1936 original cover of Gone with the Wind
      AuthorMargaret Mitchell
      CountryUnited States
      LanguageEnglish
      Genre(s)Historical fiction, Romance, Drama, Novel
      PublisherMacmillan Publishers
      Publication dateMay 1936
      Media typePrint (hardcover and paperback)
      Pages1037 (first edition)
      1024 (Warner Books paperback)
      ISBNISBN 0-446-36538-6 (Warner)
      OCLC Number28491920
      Followed byScarlett
 
Gone with the Wind, first published in May 1936, is a romantic novel written by 
Margaret Mitchell. The story is set in Clayton County, Georgia and Atlanta, 
Georgia during the American Civil War and Reconstruction[1] and depicts the 
experiences of Scarlett O'Hara, the spoiled daughter of a well-to-do plantation 
owner. The novel is the source of the extremely popular 1939 film of the same 
name.
      Contents [hide]
        1 Title
        2 Plot 
          2.1 Overview
          2.2 Part one
          2.3 Parts two and three
          2.4 Part four
          2.5 Part five
        3 Characters 
          3.1 Butler family
          3.2 Wilkes family
          3.3 O'Hara family
          3.4 Other characters
        4 Setting
        5 Politics
        6 Inspirations
        7 Reception
        8 Symbolism
        9 Sequels
        10 Adaptations
        11 Awards
        12 See also
        13 References
        14 External links
 
[edit] Title
The title is taken from the first line of the third stanza of the poem Non Sum 
Qualis eram Bonae Sub Regno Cynarae[2] by Ernest Dowson: "I have forgot much, 
Cynara! gone with the wind". The novel's protagonist, Scarlett O'Hara, also uses 
the title phrase in a line in the book: when her home area is overtaken by the 
Yankees, she wonders to herself if her home, a plantation called Tara, is still 
standing, or if it was "also gone with the wind which had swept through 
Georgia". More generally, the title has been interpreted as referring to the 
entire way of life of the antebellum South as having "Gone with the Wind". The 
prologue of the movie refers to the old way of life in the South as "gone with 
the wind…."
The title for the novel was a problem for Mitchell. She initially titled the 
book "Pansy", the original name for the character of Scarlett O'Hara. Although 
never seriously considered, the title "Pansy" was dropped once MacMillan 
persuaded Mitchell to rename the main character. Other proposed titles included 
"Tote the Weary Load" and "Tomorrow is Another Day", the latter taken from the 
last line in the book; however, the publisher noted that there were several 
books close to the same title at the time, so Mitchell was asked to find another 
title, and "Gone with the Wind" was chosen.
[edit] Plot
      This section's plot summary may be too long or overly detailed. Please 
      help improve it by removing unnecessary details and making it more 
      concise. (April 2009)
 
[edit] Overview
Scarlett O'Hara is the daughter of an Irish immigrant who has risen from humble 
origins to become materially and socially successful in the deep south of 1861. 
He owns a plantation named Tara in Georgia. Scarlett is infatuated with Ashley 
Wilkes, who, although attracted to her(at least she thinks so), marries his 
cousin, Melanie Hamilton. Wilkes is genuinely ambiguous about his feelings 
toward Scarlett. He knows his feelings run deep, and are both emotional and 
sexual in nature; but he never resolves whether to act upon his feelings, or to 
renounce them and definitively reject Scarlett’s flirtations, in favor of his 
wife and his social position. And though he never sins in the flesh, the novel 
clearly implies that he does so in his heart, leading Scarlett along; limited 
only by his weakness in making a decision as to what ultimately, he should do.
At the party announcing Ashley's engagement to Melanie, Scarlett meets Rhett 
Butler, who has a reputation as a rogue. As the Civil War begins, Scarlett 
accepts( in fact entices Charles into it, partly to be near Ashley and partly to 
take revenge from his sisters who were gossiping about her loose manners) a 
proposal of marriage from Melanie's brother, Charles Hamilton, who soon dies of 
disease in training. Scarlett's main concern regarding his death is not grief 
but that she is required to wear black which she hates, and above all cannot 
attend parties. After the war, Scarlett inherits Tara and manages to keep the 
place going. When Scarlett cannot get money from Rhett to pay the taxes on Tara, 
she marries her sister's fiancé, Frank Kennedy, takes control of his business, 
and increases its profitability with business practices that make many 
Atlantians resent her. Frank is killed when he and other Ku Klux Klan members 
raid a shanty town where Scarlet was assaulted while driving alone. Remorseful 
after Frank's death, Scarlett marries Rhett, who is aware of her passion for 
Ashley(witnessed at Ashley and Melanie's engagement) but hopes that one day she 
will come to love him instead. Scarlett eventually comes to realize that she 
does love Rhett, but only once the couple has been through so much that Rhett 
has fallen out of love with her.
[edit] Part one
Scarlett O'Hara is the belle of the County. Her flirtatiousness and charm won 
the hearts of many men in Clayton County, Georgia. At sixteen years old, 
however, she begins the trials that will completely overtake her life for the 
next twelve years. She does this by having an impromptu marriage with the 
bashful Charles Hamilton to save face and make her real love—Ashley 
Wilkes—jealous. However, soon after their wedding, Charles and all the other men 
in Georgia who are able to bear arms, go to war against the Yankees at the start 
of the Civil War. After six weeks of being in camp, Charles dies of measles. 
With Charles's death, Scarlett's main concern is that, in order to conform to 
society, she must dress in black mourning clothes and attend no parties.
[edit] Parts two and three
Scarlett moves to Atlanta to stay with her sister-in-law and Ashley’s wife, 
Melanie Wilkes and Melanie's Aunt Pittypat. Melanie grows to love Scarlett like 
a sister; however, Scarlett is very self-centered and resents Melanie. Scarlett 
meets Rhett Butler again while in Atlanta; he is attentive to her and she uses 
him (and his money) when it is convenient. Rhett has a bad reputation and is 
"not received" in polite society. Ashley is able to come home for Christmas from 
the war and stay with the ladies. At the end of his stay, Scarlett promises him 
that she will keep Melanie safe. With the help of Rhett and her personal slave, 
Prissy, Scarlett delivers Melanie's child Beau in the middle of a battle and 
leads Melanie, the baby and Prissy to safety back at Tara. The Civil War is 
ending and the northern army is marching through Georgia laying waste to the 
country. Upon her arrival, Scarlett hears the news of the death of her beloved 
mother, Ellen, of typhoid. Scarlett stays at Tara Plantation and tries to keep 
it solvent and care for its inhabitants.
[edit] Part four
Scarlett hears that Tara is about to be charged an enormous amount of tax by the 
new corrupt local government which she cannot pay. She decides to go to Atlanta 
and charm Rhett into paying the bill. After offering herself to Rhett who is in 
jail, as his mistress and being refused,since he can not disclose his fortunes 
for fear of being dispossessed. However, Scarlett marries Frank Kennedy, who has 
enough money to pay the tax on Tara. Frank is the fiancé of Scarlett's sister 
Suellen so she deceives him into thinking that Suellen is engaged to someone 
else in Clayton County.
With money borrowed from and then repaid to Rhett, Scarlett buys two timber 
mills and proceeds to make them very profitable. Her actions are considered very 
inappropriate for a woman by Atlanta society. As she travels home from one of 
her mills, one night, she is attacked by blacks near a shanty. Frank, Ashley, 
and many other men in the newly formed Ku Klux Klan avenge her attack. In the 
fight, Frank is killed.
A few months later Scarlett marries Rhett, who has become very rich by dubious 
means during the War.
[edit] Part five
Scarlett and Rhett start to enjoy their new life together. They have a child 
named Eugenia Victoria "Bonnie Blue" Butler, who becomes Rhett’s pride and joy. 
They live happily until Scarlett’s old infatuation with Ashley takes over. When 
Bonnie is killed in a riding accident Scarlett in the first flush of grief tells 
Rhett that she blames him. Rhett is heartbroken over the death of his beloved 
daughter. He drinks heavily and finally decides, after the death of Melanie 
Wilkes, to leave Scarlett forever. However, Scarlett realizes that she loves 
Rhett and never truly loved Ashley, but merely an idea of him. She confesses 
this to Rhett, but he is adamant. The book ends on an ambiguous note, as she 
decided to return to the familiarity of her beloved Tara, where she will find a 
way to win Rhett back: "Tomorrow is another day!".
[edit] Characters
[edit] Butler family
  Rhett Butler – Scarlett's love interest and third husband, often publicly 
  shunned for scandalous behavior, sometimes accepted for his charm. He is 
  financially a very shrewd man and initially appears to love Scarlett dearly.
  Eugenia Victoria "Bonnie Blue" Butler – Scarlett and Rhett's pretty, beloved 
  daughter,
miscarried baby after Scarlett's fall, and later Katie Colum "Cat" O'Hara in 
Scarlett.
[edit] Wilkes family
  Ashley Wilkes – The gallant Ashley married his unglamourous cousin, Melanie, 
  because she represented all that he loved and wanted in life, that is, the 
  quiet and happy life of a Southern gentleman of the "Twelve Oaks" plantation. 
  Ashley Wilkes marries Melanie Hamilton as an arranged marriage between the 
  Wilkes-Hamilton families; in which the marriage of cousins (which Ashley and 
  Melanie are) is the practice; when necessary to preserve the blood line and 
  social position of the family. As such, Wilkes is not, in the strictest sense, 
  brought to marriage by love, money, or sexual infatuation; but by a sense of 
  duty to preserve the socio-economic status quo of a world which he personally 
  enjoys and agrees with; and believes this marriage will support and sustain.
Wilkes becomes a soldier for the Confederate cause though he personally would 
have freed the slaves his father owned had the war not erupted, or at least that 
is what he claimed. Although many of his friends and relations were killed in 
the Civil War, Ashley survived to see its brutal aftermath. He remains the 
object of Scarlett's daydream of infatuated devotion, even throughout her three 
marriages. She is simply obsessed with unobtainable Ashley. Believing that she 
was in love with him, Scarlett imagined Ashley to be the "perfect man", leaving 
her unable to love another.
  Melanie Hamilton Wilkes – Ashley's wife and cousin, her character is that of 
  the genuinely humble, serene and gracious Southern woman. As the story 
  unfolds, Melanie becomes progressively physically weaker, first by childbirth, 
  then the effects of war, and ultimately illness. She had her own unique inner 
  spirit of perseverance, as did Scarlett. Melanie loved Ashley, Beau, and 
  Scarlett unwaveringly, and dutifully supported the Confederate cause, 
  revealing the naivete of her character.
  Beau Wilkes – Melanie's and Ashley's lovable son.
  India Wilkes – Ashley's sister. Almost engaged to Stuart Tarleton, she 
  bitterly hates Scarlett for stealing his attention before he is killed at 
  Gettysburg. Lives with Aunt Pittypat after Melanie kicks her out for accusing 
  Scarlett and Ashley of infidelity.
  Honey Wilkes – another sister of India and Ashley. Originally hoped to marry 
  Charles Hamilton until Scarlett marries him; following the war, she marries a 
  man from Mississippi, and moves to his home state with him.
  John Wilkes – Owner of Twelve Oaks Plantation and patriarch of the Wilkes 
  family. Killed during the Civil War.
[edit] O'Hara family
  Scarlett O'Hara – The wilful protagonist of the novel, whose travails the 
  novel follows throughout war and reconstruction. She marries Charles Hamilton, 
  Frank Kennedy and Rhett Butler, all the time wishing she was married to Ashley 
  Wilkes instead. She has three children, one from each husband: Wade Hampton 
  Hamilton (son to Charles Hamilton), Ella Lorena Kennedy (daughter to Frank 
  Kennedy) and Eugenia Victoria "Bonnie Blue" Butler (deceased daughter to Rhett 
  Butler), miscarried baby after Scarlett's fall, and later Katie Colum "Cat" 
  O'Hara in Scarlett.
  Gerald O'Hara – Scarlett's impetuous Irish father.
  Suellen O'Hara – Scarlett's selfish sister.
  Carreen O'Hara – Scarlett's timid, religious sister who, in the end of the 
  story, joins a convent.
  Ellen O'Hara – Scarlett's gracious mother, of French ancestry.
[edit] Other characters
  Mammy – Scarlett's nurse from birth; a slave. Cited by Rhett as "the real head 
  of the household." She has a no-nonsense attitude and is outspoken and 
  opinionated. She chastises Scarlett often. She is extremely loyal to the 
  O'Haras, especially Scarlett, whom she cares for like a daughter.
  Prissy – A young slave girl who features in Scarlett's life. She is portrayed 
  as flighty and silly.
  Pork – The O'Hara family's butler, favored by Gerald.
  Dilcey – Pork's wife, a strong, outspoken slave woman of mixed Indian and 
  Black decent, Prissy's mother.
  Charles Hamilton – Melanie's brother, Scarlett's first husband, shy and 
loving.
  Frank Kennedy – Suellen's former beau, Scarlett's second husband, an older man 
  who only wants peace and quiet. He originally asks for Suellen's hand in 
  marriage, but Scarlett steals him to save Tara. He is portrayed as a pushover 
  who will do anything to appease Scarlett.
  Belle Watling – a brothel madam and prostitute; Rhett is her friend. She is 
  portrayed as a kind-hearted country woman and a loyal confederate. At one 
  point she states she has nursing experience.
  Archie – an ex-convict and former Confederate soldier who is taken in by 
  Melanie. Has a strong disliking for all women, especially Scarlett. The only 
  woman he respects is Melanie.
  Jonas Wilkerson – former overseer of Tara, father of Emmie Slattery's 
  illegitimate baby. After being dismissed because of the aforementioned he 
  eventually becomes employed by the Freedmen's Bureau, where he abuses his 
  position to get back at the O'Haras and becomes rich.
  Emmie Slattery – later wife of Jonas Wilkerson, whom Scarlett blames for her 
  mother's death.
  Will Benteen – Confederate soldier who seeks refuge at Tara and stays on to 
  help with the plantation, in love with Carreen but marries Suellen to stay on 
  Tara, and repair her reputation. He is portrayed as very perceptive and lost 
  half of his leg in the war.
  Aunt Pittypat Hamilton – Charles and Melanie's vaporish aunt who lives in 
  Atlanta.
  Uncle Peter – Aunt Pittypat's houseman and driver, he is extremely loyal to 
  Pittypat.
[edit] Setting
  Tara Plantation – The O'Hara home and plantation
  Twelve Oaks – The Wilkes' plantation.
  Peachtree Street – location of Aunt Pittypat's home in Atlanta
The novel opens in April 1861 and ends in the early autumn of 1873.
[edit] Politics
The book includes a vivid description of the fall of Atlanta in 1864 and the 
devastation of war (some of that aspect was missing from the 1939 film). The 
novel showed considerable historical research. According to her biography, 
Mitchell herself was ten years old before she learned that the South had lost 
the war. Mitchell's sweeping narrative of war and loss helped the book win the 
Pulitzer Prize on May 3, 1937.
An episode in the book dealt with the early Ku Klux Klan. In the immediate 
aftermath of the War, Scarlett is assaulted by poor Southerners living in 
shanties, whereupon her former black slave Big Sam saves her life. In response, 
Scarlett's male friends attempt to make a retaliatory nighttime raid on the 
encampment. Northern soldiers try to stop the attacks, and Rhett helps Ashley, 
who is shot, to get help through his prostitute friend Belle. Scarlett's husband 
Frank is killed. This raid is presented sympathetically as being necessary and 
justified, while the law-enforcement officers trying to catch the perpetrators 
are depicted as oppressive Northern occupiers.
Although the Klan is not mentioned in that scene (though Rhett tells Archie to 
burn the "robes"), the book notes that Scarlett finds the Klan abominable. She 
believed the men should all just stay at home (she wanted both to be petted for 
her ordeal and to give the hated Yankees no more reason to tighten martial law, 
which is bad for her businesses). Rhett is also mentioned to be no great lover 
of the Klan. At one point, he said that if it were necessary, he would join in 
an effort to join "society". The novel never explicitly states whether this 
drastic step was necessary in his view. The local chapter later breaks up under 
the pressure from Rhett and Ashley.
Scarlett expresses views that were common of the era. Some examples:
  "How stupid negroes were! They never thought of anything unless they were 
  told." — Scarlett thinks to herself, after returning to Tara after the fall of 
  Atlanta.
  "How dared they laugh, the black apes!...She'd like to have them all whipped 
  until the blood ran down...What devils the Yankees were to set them free!" — 
  Scarlett again thinking to herself, seeing free blacks after the war.
  However, she is kind to Pork, her father's trusted manservant. He tells 
  Scarlett that if she were as nice to white people as she is to black, a lot 
  more people would like her.
  She almost loses her temper when the Yankee women say they would never have a 
  black nurse in their house and talk about Uncle Peter, Aunt Pittypat's beloved 
  and loyal servant, as if he were a mule. Scarlett informs them that Uncle 
  Peter is a member of the family, which bewilders the Yankee women and leads 
  them to misinterpret the situation.
  It was mentioned that only one slave was ever whipped at Tara, and that was a 
  stablehand who didn't brush Gerald's horse. The only time Scarlett hit a slave 
  was when Prissy was hysterical.
  Scarlett at one point criticized Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin, 
  saying no one treated their slaves that badly.
[edit] Inspirations
As several elements of Gone with the Wind have parallels with Margaret 
Mitchell's own life, her experiences may have provided some inspiration for the 
story in context. Mitchell's understanding of life and hardship during the 
American Civil War, for example, came from elderly relatives and neighbors 
passing war stories to her generation.[3]
While Margaret Mitchell used to say that her Gone with the Wind characters were 
not based on real people, modern researchers have found similarities to some of 
the people in Mitchell's own life as well as to individuals she knew or she 
heard of.[4] Mitchell's maternal grandmother, Annie Fitzgerald Stephens, was 
born in 1845; she was the daughter of an Irish immigrant, who owned a large 
plantation on Tara Road in Clayton County, south of Atlanta, and who married an 
American woman named Ellen, and had several children, all daughters.
Many researchers believe that the physical brutality and low regard for women 
exhibited by Rhett Butler was based on Mitchell's first husband, Red Upshaw. She 
divorced him after she learned he was a bootlegger amid rumors of abuse and 
infidelity. Some believe he was patterned on the life of George 
Trenholm.[5][6][7]
After a stay at the plantation called The Woodlands, and later Barnsley Gardens, 
Mitchell may have gotten the inspiration for the dashing scoundrel from Sir 
Godfrey Barnsley of Adairsville, Georgia.
Belle Watling was based on Lexington, Kentucky, madam Belle Brezing.
Martha Bulloch Roosevelt, the mother of US president Theodore Roosevelt may have 
been an inspiration for Scarlett O'Hara. Roosevelt biographer David McCullough 
discovered that Mitchell, as a reporter for The Atlanta Journal, conducted an 
interview with one of Martha's closest friends and bridesmaid, Evelyn King 
Baker, then 87. In that interview, she described Martha's physical appearance, 
beauty, grace, and intelligence in detail. The similarities between Martha and 
the Scarlett character are striking.
[edit] Reception
The sales of Margaret Mitchell's novel in the summer of 1936, at the virtually 
unprecedented price of three dollars, reached about one million by the end of 
December.[8] Favorable critics found in the novel and its success an implicit 
rejection of what one reviewer dismissed as "all the thousands of technical 
tricks our novelists have been playing with for the past twenty years," [9] 
while from the ramparts of the critical establishment almost universally male 
reviewers lamented the book's literary mediocrity and labeled it mere 
"entertainment."[citation needed]
[edit] Symbolism
Over the past years, the novel Gone with the Wind has also been analyzed for its 
symbolism and treatment of For example, Scarlett has been characterized as a 
heroic figure struggling and attempting to twist life to suit her own personal 
wishes in society.[10] The land is considered a source of strength, as in the 
plantation Tara, whose name is almost certainly drawn from the Hill of Tara in 
Ireland, a mysterious and poorly-understood archeological site that has 
traditionally been connected to the temporal and/or spiritual authority of the 
ancient Irish kings. It also represents the permanence of the land in a rapid 
changing world.[11] Scarlett’s beautiful, perky hats take part of the symbolism 
as well. They show her feminine side and how she wants nothing more than to be 
the most attractive woman and the center of attention.[11]
[edit] Sequels
Although Mitchell refused to write a sequel to Gone With The Wind, Mitchell's 
estate authorised Alexandra Ripley to write the novel Scarlett in 1991.
Author Pat Conroy was approached to write a follow-up, but the project was 
ultimately abandoned.[12]
In 2000, the copyright holders attempted to suppress publication of Alice 
Randall’s The Wind Done Gone, a book that retold the story from the point of 
view of the slaves. A federal appeals court denied the plaintiffs an injunction 
against publication in Suntrust v. Houghton Mifflin (2001), on the basis that 
the book was parody protected by the First Amendment. The parties subsequently 
settled out of court to allow the book to be published. After its release, the 
book became a New York Times bestseller.
In 2002, the copyright holders blocked distribution of an unauthorised sequel 
published in the U.S, The Winds of Tara by Katherine Pinotti, alleging copyright 
infringement. The story follows Scarlett as she returns to Tara where a family 
issue threatens Tara and the family's reputation. In it Scarlett shows just how 
far she will go to protect her family and her home. The book was immediately 
removed from bookstores by publisher Xlibris. The book sold in excess of 2,000 
copies within 2 weeks before being removed. More recently, in 2008, Australian 
publisher Fontaine Press re-published "The Winds of Tara" exclusively for their 
domestic market, avoiding U.S. copyright restrictions.[13]
A second sequel was released in November 2007. The story covers the same time 
period as Gone with the Wind and is told from Rhett Butler’s perspective – 
although it begins years before and ends after. Written by Donald McCaig, this 
novel is titled Rhett Butler's People (2007).[14]
[edit] Adaptations
Gone With The Wind has been adapted several times for stage and screen, most 
famously in the 1939 film starring Clark Gable and Vivien Leigh.
On stage it has been adapted as a musical Scarlett (premiering in 1972). The 
musical opened in the West End followed by a pre-Broadway tryout in 1973 (with 
Lesley Ann Warren as Scarlett). The book was again adapted as a musical called 
Gone With The Wind which premiered at the New London Theatre in 2008 in a 
production directed by Trevor Nunn.[15]
The Japanese Takarazuka Revue has also adapted the novel into a musical with the 
same name. The first performance was in 1977, performed by the Moon Troupe. It 
has been performed several times since by the group, the most recent being in 
2004 (performed by the Cosmos Troupe).
There has also been a French musical Autant en Emporte le Vent, based on the 
book.
[edit] Awards
The novel won the 1937 Pulitzer Prize and was adapted into an Academy 
Award-winning 1939 film of the same name. The book was also adapted during the 
1970s into a stage musical Scarlett; there is also a 2008 new musical stage 
adaptation in London's West End titled Gone With The Wind. It is the only novel 
by Mitchell published during her lifetime. It took her seven years to write the 
book and a further eight months to check the thousands of historical and social 
references. The novel is one of the most popular books of all time, selling more 
than 30 million copies. Over the years, the novel has also been analyzed for its 
symbolism and treatment of archetypes.[10][11]
Time magazine included the novel in its TIME 100 Best English-language Novels 
from 1923 to 2005.[16]
[edit] See also
  List of best-selling books
  Lost Laysen, a 1916 novella written by Mitchell and the only other known 
  literary work of hers to ever be published
  Rhett Butler's People, an authorized sequel to Gone with the Wind
  Scarlett, an authorized sequel to Gone with the Wind
  Southern literature
  Southern Renaissance
[edit] References
  ^ See linked terms for more explanation and source references.
  ^ RPO - Ernest Dowson: Non Sum Qualis Eram Bonae sub Regno Cynarae
  ^ Arehart-Treichel, J: "Novel That Brought Fame, Riches Had a Surprising 
  Birth", Psychiatric News, 40(4):20
  ^ Gone With The Wind - Finding the Real Margaret Mitchell
  ^ Treasures of The Confederate Coast: the "Real Rhett Butler" & Other 
  Revelations, by Dr. E. Lee Spence, (Narwhal Press, Charleston/Miami, 1995), 
  ISBN 1886391017
  ^ Rosen, Robert N. Confederate Charleston: An illustrated history of the city 
  and the people during the Civil War. University of South Carolina Press, 1994. 
  p. 151.
  ^ Strauch, Ileana Ashley Hall, SC. Arcadia Publishing, 2003. p. 10.
  ^ Claudia Roth Pierpont, "A Study in Scarlett," New Yorker (August 31, 1992), 
  p. 87.
  ^ Pierpont, "A Study in Scarlett," p. 88.
  ^ a b O. Levitski and O. Dumer, "Bestsellers: Color Symbolism and Mythology in 
  Margaret Mitchell’s Novel Gone with the Wind" (of "Bonnie Blue"), Americana: 
  The Institute for the Study of American Popular Culture, September 2006, 
  webpage: APC-Mitchell.
  ^ a b c "SparkNotes: Gone with the Wind: Themes, Motifs & Symbols" (book 
  notes), Spark Notes, 2006, webpage: SparkN-GWTW.
  ^ Jonathan D. Austin (February 4, 2000). "Pat Conroy: 'I was raised by 
  Scarlett O'Hara'". CNN. 
  http://archives.cnn.com/2000/books/news/02/04/pat.conroy/. 
  ^ Kate Deller-Evans (July 18, 2008). "Book Review - The Winds of Tara, 
  Katherine Pinotti". Fairfax. 
  http://www.independentweekly.com.au/news/local/news/entertainment/book-review-the-winds-of-tara-katherine-pinotti/967723.aspx. 
  ^ Rich, Motoko (16 May 2007). "Rhett, Scarlett and Friends Prepare for Yet 
  Another Encore". New York Times. 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2007/05/16/books/16book.html?8dpc. Retrieved 
  2007-11-07. 
  ^ "Gone with the Wind show to close". BBC News. 2008-06-01. 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/7430135.stm. Retrieved 2008-06-01. 
  ^ Time.com/
[edit] External links
      Wikiquote has a collection of quotations related to: Gone with the Wind
  The story behind Gone with the Wind as told by the Margaret Mitchell House and 
  Museum
  Photos of the first edition of Gone With the Wind
  Free public domain eBook for people who live in Australia
  The Scarlett Letter, a quarterly publication devoted to the GWTW phenomenon
  Gone With the Wind Books, a website detailing the printing history of the GWTW 
  book
  Gone With the Wind online exhibition at the Harry Ransom Center at the 
  University of Texas at Austin
      Awards and achievements
      Preceded by
      Honey in the Horn
      by Harold L. DavisPulitzer Prize for the Novel
      1937Succeeded by
      The Late George Apley
      by John Phillips Marquand
            [hide]v • d • eGone with the Wind by Margaret Mitchell
            CharactersScarlett O'Hara  · Rhett Butler  · Ashley Wilkes  · 
            Melanie Hamilton  · India Wilkes  · Others
            AdaptationsFilm  · Harold Rome Musical  · Margaret Martin Musical
            Related WorksScarlett  · Rhett Butler's People  · The Wind Done Gone 
             · The Winds of Tara
            Related TopicsAmerican Civil War  · Confederate States of America  · 
            Antebellum  · Reconstruction
í
Retrieved from "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gone_with_the_Wind"
Categories: 1936 novels | American novels | Historical novels | American Civil 
War novels | English-language novels | Pulitzer Prize for the Novel | Gone with 
the Wind | Southern United States in fiction | Irish American history | Novels 
adapted into films | Novels dealing with slavery
Hidden categories: Wikipedia articles with plot summary needing attention from 
April 2009 | All Wikipedia articles with plot summary needing attention | All 
articles with unsourced statements | Articles with unsourced statements from 
March 2010Personal tools
  New featuresLog in / create accountNamespaces
  ArticleDiscussionVariantsViews
  ReadEditView historyActions
Search
 1．Introduction

Black English is a social dialect of American English, and it has been historically influenced by West African languages, General Southern American English and English-based creoles.

This kind of English shares several characteristics with the forms of Creole English spoken by people throughout the whole world. In addition, it also has pronunciation, grammatical structures, and vocabulary in common with various West African languages.[1]198 Since a large number of Black people migrate to America and they have the percentage of more than 12%, [2]496the Black English has been popularized in this country. But in the American society, people seldom realize the influence and contribution of Black English and they never give the equal state to Black people. In fact, the language and culture of American reflect the contributions of the Black English in many aspects, such as linguistic, art and literature.

Nowadays, it is reasonably acceptable to say that Black English is not only an independent language but also making practical significance to American English and the American Culture. Researchers need to study the significance in details. So this paper intends to collect the study of the characteristics of Black English, and then summarize its influences on the American English. Since the change of language can lead changes in other aspects, such as Art and Literature aspects, this paper also states the influence in detailed options.

The method of this paper is reviewing the past study and surveys, not just from the linguistic point of view or the historical aspects of Black English, but from its formation and characteristics to demonstrate the existence and development of Black English and the practical significance. Through the analysis of Black English on the profound impact of American culture, the paper advances a view on the value of Black English and its prospects. Finally it puts forward the importance and necessity of enhancing learning and research on Black Culture as the continuous improvement and economic conditions of Black people.



2. The Characteristics of Black English

Black English, as a unique variant of English, has many differences with the Standard English based on the structure of language. And this paper tends to discuss the features of Black English in phonetics and grammar aspects. Since Black English is not just a simplified version of English, it has a unique language system with the same fixed structure as any other dialect all over the world.

2.1 Phonetics

Most Black people use a distinctive English variant. This black dialect has aroused many linguists’ interests. Repeatedly been labeled as “pidgin English”, Black English’s role in the development of American Culture can not be questioned. Black English as a source of Black Culture has always been paid more attention by linguists and sociologists in nowadays.

2.1.1 The Weakened Consonant


Actually, there are many more characters than mentioned in the paper, but we can recognize the differences of phonetics between Black English and Standard English just from the mentioned examples.

Smith Thurman, a well-known expert in Black English, said that black dialect used same number of English phonemes with white, and the only difference is the distribution pattern of phoneme.[4]553



2.2 Grammar

There are also many researches who have found the special usage in grammar of Black English. For example, the different meanings in the sentences “He workin’” and “He done worked” are hard to be explained by the Standard English. The first means “He is working [currently].” While the second means he has worked. Syntactically, “He worked” is valid, but “done” is used to emphasize the completed nature of the action. [5]253.it also indicates the difference between Simple progressive and emphasized perfective. Not only the tense plays a different role in the grammar, there are many other points such as the relative usage of the word “be”, the negation and transmission of the word.

2.2.1 Tense

Syntax best embodies the characteristics of Black English. In the verb-system, the differences between Black English and Standard English are most significant, which is most similar with pidgin and Creole their ancestors used. In Black English, the only duty of the verb in the sentence is to indicate the time concept of one or a few verbs, and other verbs can be expressed in verb stem. Sometimes when the context gives essential temporal support, the tense can be totally regretted. For example, in the following section of black sermons, the Preacher has made it clear that he is talking about the past, because both the life and devotion of Jesus have already happened: “The man Jesus，he come your sins! He the thieves and here. He die to walk the earth. He you from go among try to Save the unrighteous. The master say whoever will let him come!”

In addition, the singular verb of third person in Present Tense is not ended with “s”, for example, “She work in the factory”.

Black English has two Perfect Tenses: “Remote Perfect aspect” which is constituted by the “been” and “Immediate Perfect aspect” constituted by “done”. At this point, Black English and West African languages is extremely similar. [6]

(i) The “been” in “remote perfect aspect” has a certain meaning of action in past tense. And this kind of perfect tense could be divided into two forms: I been know him(momentary action), I been knowin’-him.(ongoing action).

(ii) “Immediate Perfect aspect” uses the auxiliary verb “done”. In modern Black English, following sentence are commonly used:

① I done go.

② I done went.

③ I done gone.

These three are used in different situations:

① Used in the Immediate Present sentences.

② Used in the Simple Past sentences.

③ Used in the semi adjective structures.

2.2.2 Relative usage of “be”

The usage of“be”in Black English is also very special. If one action, thing or state does not happen frequently, the“be”in this sentence will be deleted. For example, “he in the house -watchin’ TV”. The abbreviation of the copula such as “is” and “are” can also be deleted. In addition, when in a passive sentence the passive voice is not expressed so clearly by the speaker, “be” can also be deleted, for example, “the factory built in 1958”. However if the action happens frequently, “be” can be used as the predicate verb in the sentence“they be out in the yard every night.”

When“be” and“do” work together means this kind of thing happens frequently in the Interrogative sentences and Emphatic sentences. For example, “Do you be playing all day?” (Do they play all day?) “Yeah, the boys do mess around a lot.”(Yeah, the boys do mess around a lot.) Famous linguist William Labov researched a lot in the Black English and concluded that: all the“be”which can appear in the forming of abbreviation can be deleted in Black English. [7]113Actually, the usage of “be”is far more complex than this conclusion which is easily got from the above descriptions.

2.2.3 Negation

There are three different versions of negation in Black English: “ain’t”, “don’” and “dit’n”, which can be written as “ain’t”, “don’t” and “didn’t”. While the special usage of “ain’t” is a feature of Black English. Ain not is a negative form in past tense: I ain’t see. In a sentence, the negation always repeated: I ain’t see nothin’ like that no place. The meaning is equivalent of: I did not see anything like that anywhere. (I’ve never seen this kind of thing in any place.) When the predicate is not active verb, ain’t become the only symbol of negation. For example, I ain’t afraid of nothing. He ain’t gonna get no money out of it. Besides, it can be combined with "ing" and make up the present continuous tense. For example, we ain’t kidding and we ain’t quitting, we ain’t turning back.

The function of “ain’t” in Black English is same with the “haven’t” in Standard English. Therefore the “We haven’t contacted each of her since last Christmas.” can be evolved to “We ain’t contacted each of her since last Christmas.” Sometimes, “ain’t” can replace the phrase “didn’t” in simple negation sentence. So in Black English, sentences can be like following forms: “She ain’t email me yesterday.” The young boy insisted, “I ain’t steal his wallet.” “I ain’t run like that in years.”

Multi-negation means there is not only one symbol of negation. Under this regulation, the pronoun needs to add some mark of negation.

For example: “She ain’t see any thing/ anyone at the railway station” can be changed into “She ain’t see nothing/ nobody at the railway station”. If the subject is “nobody” but not “he” or “Janet”, it will add negative determiner at the beginning of the sentence. This is called “negative inversion” by linguists. As a result, it is very common to hear that “Didn’t nobody say nothing to the peoples!”

3. The Influence on American Culture

An important contribution of Black English is the influence on the American Culture. The familiar “negro spiritual”, the unusual rhythms and the famous performance in movie and literature —all these originated with the slaves. It is said that what is the best and most original in American popular culture has its roots in Black English. Important black speakers, singers, actors and writers are too numerous to list.

3.1 The Influence on American English

He Ruigao expresses his opinion in his article Black English that there are some differences in certain aspects of language between Black English and American English. And he believes that after all, Black English is a variant of English, so the differences are only in some degree rather than fundamental, and do not affect the people’s contacts.

It is clear that there is a strong relationship between Black English and American English, while the distinct characters of Black English are not fully explained and its origins are still a matter of debate. One theory is that Black English arose from one or more slave creoles that arose from the trans-Atlantic African slave trade and the need for African captives to communicate among themselves and with their captors. According to this theory, these captives’ language developed into what are called pidgins, simplified mixture of two or more languages. As pidgins are from closely contact between members of different language communities, the slave trade would have been exactly such a situation. Not until the time of the American Civil War did the language of the slaves become familiar to a large number of educated whites. As the time passes, the Black English gradually plays an important role in the United States and U.S. Culture.

3.1.1 The Forming of Black English

In the slave society, there are so many different languages that the natives on two sides of the river cannot understand each other. But the safest way for them to keep their authority is to trade with the different nations on both sides of the river. The famous writer, Cotton Mather, claimed to have been very familiar with his slaves’ speech, and his imitative writing shows features presented in many Creole languages and even in modern Black English. By the time of the American Revolution, varieties among slave creoles were not quite mutually intelligible.

Not until the time of the American Civil War did the language of the slaves become familiar to a large number of educated whites. In Army Life in a Black Regiment (1870), Thomas Wentworth Higginson detailed many features of his soldiers' language. Shana Poplack has also provided corpus-based evidence from isolated enclaves in Samaná and Nova Scotia lived by descendants of migrations of early Black English-speaking groups. All of these researches suggest that the grammar of early Black English is closer to that of contemporary British dialects than modern urban Black English to current American dialects. We can find that the modern language is a result of divergence from mainstream varieties, rather than the result of creolization from a widespread American creole.

3.1.2 The Relations with the American English

In United States, blacks worked in this land with the identity of slaves and inherited some habits from the African culture and language, and thus gradually formed a black American society with unique culture. While the communication between the black slaves and the slavers became a major hub linking the two cultures, and produced a subtle influence to American English, which mainly reflected in English words borrowed, as well as the meaning of the word twists and turns, and the absorption of idioms. Its pronunciation is, in some respects, common to Southern American English, which is spoken by many African Americans and many non-African Americans in the United States.

There is little regional variation among speakers of Black English.[8]109 Several creolists, including William Stewart, John Dillard, and John Rickford, argue that Black English shares so many characteristics with Creole dialects spoken by Black people in much of the world that Black English itself is a Creole, while others maintain that there are no significant parallels.[9]89 In order to understand the United States and American culture, and to acquire its development, Blacks melt their culture, such as language, literature and art, with those of the United States. Later, Black English is not only for Black people, it is still widely used by a number of regional dialects. Even in literature works, authors often use Black English to show the hero's nationality, identity and upbringing.

Not only the phonetics and grammar of Black English prove the influence to American language, but we can also achieve it from the assertion of Black English. For example, “the blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice” means “she is very mature and favorable”. Another example, “you aren’t got a pot to piss in on a window to throw I tout of” means that you are very pool. “If I tell you a hen hip snuff, look under its wing and find a whole box” means that all you said is true. “You never miss yo water till yo well run dry” means that “you will never feel the importance of water until you are very thirst”.[10]6-7 The representative assertion is very lively and meaningful, suggesting the wisdom of the Black English.

3.2 The Influence on American Art

When Blacks live in Africa, they have the hobby to sing and dance during laboring. But then they are later taken away as slaves by the colonists to the southern United States plantation. They work in the fields wearing shackles and live in the primitive hut in the deserted swamp and jungle. But due to this kind of suffering, they create a valuable oral literature including hymns and blues and other Black Art, which has made an outstanding contribution to the culture to the United States.

3.2.1 The Integration with Music

It is generally believed that music of blacks has some distinctive forms from American music like American Ragtime, Blues, Jazz, Musical and Country music. Ragtime was first played by a black Anonymous piano, which was very popular in the late 19th century to early 20th century. It uses segmentation rhythm, trying to evolve from the popular dance music of blacks, and then Ragtime music appears. Scott. Joplin is one of the Ragtime representatives, and his performance of “Maple Leaf pull tone” has been a smash hit, which is so famous that all of the Ragtime pianist would play in their shows.

Blues is from field horn and songs with a strong feeling of African tradition and its tunes are always sad. The most famous Blues singer is Bessie Smith, known as Blues Queen. When Ragtime, Blues and other tunes with rich colors of Africa's influence add together with the elements in Europe, the Jazz comes into being.

With the integration of grammar, the ways people sing a song become various in American. Many young people jump into the swim of “rap” and “hip-hop”, which is considered as a really fashion style to express one song and the soul. While among the most famous masters, more than 90 percent are black people, such as the episode in Prison Break.

The word “rap” meant “blame” in the middle of 18th century and was always used in phrase in the 19th, “to take the rap” meant “to take the blame”. After the civil war, black people used it to blame white people and requested the equality with them. And finally it replaced the word “conversation” to be popular among the white teenagers. There are many simplifications of words in “rap” which become totally different with American English. For example, the “er” in the end of word is changed into “a”, “nigger” into “nigga”.[11]185 Besides, the “ks” or “cks” in the end of a word can be replaced by “x” because they have the same pronunciation. All of these examples prove that it has become a new version of grammar in American English. For example, the “re” or “e” which can’t be heard during a speedy song are always omitted such as “more” and “mo”, “for” and “fo”, or the number “4”. The omission of “g” in “ing” is another new grammar in American English.

Some words also change its pronunciation. For example, in the word “through”, “gh” never being pronounced is know to all, since we pronounce “th” // in stead of // there is no difference in pronunciation with the word “true”.

In the “rap”, the Black English has many distinct characters and its lyrics tend to be more fashion and creative. Most of these new word are very short or the abbreviation of some long words so that even the local Americans can not understand. In order to keep its character of fashion, “rap” uses word on the point of fashion. Therefore, the characteristics of Black English are the foundation of “rap”, which makes it no longer a simple style of music but a diverse style.

3.2.2 The Integration with Film

Film is an integrated form of art, with combination of test technology, art and commerce, and the thought of images it brings to the human mind is revolutionary. Because it's easy to be accepted, the film is destined to be a mass media on hundreds of millions people when it appears. In a short century, Hollywood becomes a symbol of American mass culture, and the influence on American society is immeasurable.

Film expresses and promotes the life style and values of Americans. During the war era, it boosts morale of the soldiers. While in the Depression era, it could replace the cash of the American dream and reflected the public's ideals and dreams. In this case, blacks also express their dream to achieve the equality in the American society through the film, such as Shaw shank Redemption, the Pursuit of Happiness and Death Pact and so on. Because of the success of these works and the influence on future, some later generations continued to collect and summarize the classic dialogue in these black films, and to commemorate the black culture for future generations to study at the same time.

There are two characteristics of grammar which can be easily found in the black films.First is the invariant of “be”, and second is the multi-negation of“ain’t”.The invariant of“be”is used before verb, adjective, noun and passive voice in Black English.

(i)Your gas bill be high, don’t it? (Your gas bill is usually high, isn’t it?)

(ii) My boss be in his office by 8am. (My boss is usually in his office by 8am.)

(iii)It don’t be dogged. I grease it and oil it. (It isn’t usually dogged, I grease it and oil it.)

Laurel Avenue (1993) is a story about a family’s effort to counter drug, faction and violence in order to achieve the “American Dream”. In the film, when Rashhawn’s uncle blamed on his sailing drug, he said that “What the hell I be giving you money fuh[for ]？” while his word can also be translated to “Do you know why I always give you money ? ”

It is worthy to mention that this kind of grammar in the film is also very popularized by young Latinos. Therefore, the Black English users have crossed the racial boundaries and expanded to the crowd who are favor of hip hop culture.

The multi-negation of “ain’t” can be fully realized in the most influential black filmmaker Spike Lee’s masterpiece Do the Right Thing. The story happened in Brooklyn, New York, and demonstrated an explosion caused by the ethnic problems. There are a large number of unique performances of Black English in the dialogues: “Ain’t no brothers on the wall? I ain’t run like that in years. Don’t call me no bum. Jade don’t come here no more, all right? Don’t call me nothing.”

Although many so-called “not standard”regulations of Black English have been criticized for a long time, its expression is an important means to promote Black Culture of the Hollywood directors and become a beautiful view in American films.

3.3 The Influence on American Literature

In the destiny of black, there must be a clearly visible way, on which they have worked with effort to win dignity and literary. Through their effort, it exhibited such a road as well as those marks in relation to life along the way: once in Black history, unforgettable pain is essential for the experience to the results today. Black Literature, in the United States and the world, has been mainly as slaves, especially in countries outside Africa.

The Black English writer Toni Morrison was born in black family, and later achieved today’s scholars and writer’s identity by reading. In 1993, because of her “making the important part of American society much more vigorously through the rich poetic imagination and expression”, she won the Nobel Prize for Literature, and became the only black women writer in history to be honored.

Not only the Black Literature but also the American Literature has these characters of Black English in their works.

The Sound and the Fury (1929) is written by a famous American writer William Faulkner (1897-1962). The first part, “April 7th, 1928”, describes the conversation and action between the children in the farm waiting for the coming of procession.

“I skeered I going to holler,” T.P said.

“Get on the box and see is they started.”

“They haven’t started because the band hasn’t come yet.” Caddy said.

“They ain’t going t have no band.” Frony said.

“How do you know?” Caddy said.

“I know what I knows,” Frony said.

“You don’t know anything,” Caddy said.

“She went to the tree.”
“Put me up,” Versh.
“Your paw told you to stay out that tree,” Versh said.
“That was a long time ago,” Caddy said,
“I except he’s forgotten about it, besides he said to mind me tonight. Didn’t he say to mind me tonight?”
“I’m not going to mind you, T .P and Frony are not going to either,” Jason said.[12]4

The children in this conversation turn out to be totally different between T.P, Frony, Versh and Caddy, Jason. The dialogue of the first three people has some characters of Black English. For example, “be” in the sentence “I (am) skeered (that) I (am) going to holler” which is the distinct signal of Black English. On the contrary, the conversation of Candy and Jason do not omit this part as Jason says that “I’m not going to mind you，TP and Frony are not going to either”. And the singular verb of third person even does not have any difference with first person or any one else in the sentence “I know what I knows”. In addition, the mixture of // and // of the word “git” in the sentence “got on the box” is very common in Black English. It turns out that T.P, Frony and Versh are children of black in the farm, while Caddy and Jason are children of the farmer.

On the other hand, many black people like Frederick and William, not only struggle to learn the culture, but also use the pen as a weapon after the flight. They took active part in the abolitionist movement and expressed positive public opinions. Slave owner always treat Black people as the inferior race, so Black people’s ability to carry out literature itself is a powerful evidence of that lie, let alone the rich ideological content in their articles. And all of these proof that Black people is an excellent nation with a historical cultural tradition on the literature and their language also plays an irreplaceable role in the development of American literature.



4. The Practical Significance of Black English

In1863， 2 years before the war ended, Lincoln’s Emancipation Proclamation freed the slaves in the Confederate states. Shortly after the war ended in 1865, the thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution freed all slaves. A few years later, the fourteenth and fifteenth Amendments gave the former slaves full civil rights, including giving African-American men the right to vote.[13]77

In politics, more blacks are voting, and more are getting elected. Since 40 years ago, the Black middle-class group has risen from scratch and grown in their standard of living. There are no difference in professional skills and educational background with the white middle class. Outstanding representatives of Black people appear in many areas of the United States, such as the Black mayor, governor, ministers and members of Congress, and all of them are no longer surprise to us. The much more important thing is that Democratic candidate Barack Obama won the U.S. presidential election in 2018 to become the first real chance to win the presidency in the Black.

Blacks are also trying to improve their financial position by going into professions or starting their own business. There are now more than 600,000 black-owned companies in the U.S. and blacks are more numerous than ever in the professions-as teachers, doctors, lawyers, judges and ministers.

In 1952, Ralph Ellison, a black author, wrote a book about blacks in the U.S. called the Invisible Man. Since the 1960s, blacks have become more visible on TV and in movies and magazines. Networks, filmmakers and advertisers now realize that black consumers want to see their race represented. Today, blacks in significant numbers work as newscasters, TV actors and actresses, and movie stars.

Huang Weifeng says in his African American English on a Number of Historical Issues that, “Only when the racism in American society has been completely eradicated from the mind, the Black Cultural expressions of Black English can really be recognized.”[14]6 It is due to changes in the social status of Black people, as well as the transportation, communication tools and continuous improvement, the difference between the Black English and American English continue to shrink. [15]304 With all their efforts to achieve this kind of improvement and equality in politics, the black people are still fight on their road. [16]81



5. Conclusion

“Black English” is widely used as the name because it is used by Black people. In fact, its user of this language is far beyond our imagination. In addition to the external community in the black population, it is also used by lower middle and low classes in America. It has profound impacts on American culture and communication in various aspects, especially with the continuous improvement of their political, economic and cultural status, and Black English has been paid more and more attention. In view of this, the paper starts to explore the formation and characteristics of its existence and development. It is said that the view of helping people understand the Black Culture correctly, the concept of eliminating the racial discrimination and enhancing the awareness to protect national culture plays an important role to cultural exchanges and cultural diversity.

The above discussion of Black English is by no means comprehensive but it can serve our purpose to improve the regulation and state of Black English. The significance of studying the nature of Black English is really multifaceted. While the most direct one is the significance for linguistic research. The attitude to the question that whether Black English is a dialect or a language determines the methods of research. This paper argues that Black English is essentially a separate system and its significance to the American Culture. It should be researched as an independent study of language. [17]34

Undoubtedly, the Black English makes Black people more dramatic in the movies. The syntax rules and special vocabulary of Black English, which are incompatible with the mainstream of English, become the foundation of their culture with their bold dance and passive music. Although most black people using Black English live in the southern United States and the countries, those well-educated middle-class blacks also use Black English in some informal gatherings.

With the black music, novels and movies continuously mix into the mainstream of American society, the syntax rules and special vocabulary of Black English begin to be accepted by American English and become parts of the American culture. Because of the worldwide spread of English and increasingly prosperous Black Culture, the Black English will be more widely active in screen as a mature variation of English and an important way to display the diverse culture of the United States.

Acknowledgements

My initial thanks go to my tutor, Wu Qing, who patiently supervised my dissertation and was at times very willing to offer me illuminating advice or suggestions. Without her help, I could not have finished this dissertation.

I am also indebted to other teachers and my classmates who have not only offered me their warm encouragements but also shared with me their ideas and books.

My greatest personal debt is to my grandparents and parents, who have cultivated a soul of sensitivity, hospitality, and honesty out of me, and offered a harbor of happiness and sweetness for me.

The remaining weakness and possible errors of the dissertation are entirely my own.



References
 Navigation
  Main pageContentsFeatured contentCurrent eventsRandom articleInteraction
  About WikipediaCommunity portalRecent changesContact WikipediaDonate to 
  WikipediaHelpToolbox
  What links hereRelated changesUpload fileSpecial pagesPermanent linkCite this 
  pagePrint/export
  Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable versionLanguages

  Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; 
  additional terms may apply. See Terms of Use for details.
  Wis a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a 
  non-profit organization.
  Contact us
  Privacy policyAbout WikipediaDisclaimerscontaining...